Juan Angel Juarez
Harmon, Matthew
Linux
02-26-2018

My Reading response to “An Industry Guide to Becoming a Software  Engineer” by bill langerberg.

While reading the guide, it really specifies on what thing to focus on or the skills that we 
might need to learn, like knowing how data structures works and problem solving & debugging. 
Helping us understand that we need to know the basic too not just one skill but to many other,
giving examples of what he means or the things that many other people are looking for. Showing 
steps on what need to be learned. I really think this  is a good way to learn since his showing
you the main things people who are going into software engineering need to know or have some 
knowledge on.

Most of the thing he explained or talked about will help some people understand what the requirement
for your employers, giving a list of things like quality internship in the field of software or
complete courses from computer skills, things like that make people stand out. Mostly if you have
knowledge of what you’re doing or what are your goals in life. Giving tips on the things that your 
employer might ask or wants to see in your resume. Its helpful because most people don’t know what 
are the things that they might be looing for or what things are needed for the position. The part
that really would be helpful is where you are being interview, he gave out good tips on how to make 
the interview be a little less challenging since many people get nervous.  But following this step 
or tips would make things go smooth. Being prepare for your interview ahead of time is a really good
tip, so you wouldn’t be rushing all at the last minute.

For me learning this steps or tips, would make it easier for me in the future if I decided to stay
in the engineering path. I would have some knowledge of what the employer might be looking for or
how to be prepare for the interviews. Knowing the basic of computer skills will be the first step 
on being a great candidate for the hob in the future.

